today I would like to tell you a story
this is the parable of the Good Shepherd
as many of you know I'm a shepherd
however for those of you who aren't
shepherds let me tell you a little bit
about sheepfolds sheepfolds are walled
enclosures built either of stone or a
thorny hedge and are provided with a
very narrow entrance the enclosure is a
place of refuge and protection for the
flock in case of danger or in the event
of inclement weather a number of flocks
would be given refuge in a single sheep
fold the door to the sheepfold would be
secured and watched over by a watchman
when the danger has passed
the Shepherd would approach the gate and
he would call forth his flock
since the Shepherd's sheep could
recognize his voice the animals would
separate themselves from the many flocks
that have been secured in the sheepfold
and they would follow their Shepherd out
of the fold to pasture in water verily
verily I say unto you he that entereth
not by the door into the sheepfold but
climbeth up some other way the same is a
thief and a robber but he that entereth
in by the door is the Shepherd of the
sheep to him the porter openeth and the
sheep hear his voice and he calleth his
own sheep by name and leadeth them out
and when he put forth his own sheep he
goeth before them and the Sheep follow
him for they know his voice and a
stranger will they not follow but will
flee from him for they know not the
voice of strangers this parable I spoke
on to them but they understood not what
things
they were which I spoke on to them then
I said on to them again verily verily I
say unto you I am the door of the Sheep
all that ever came before me are thieves
and robbers but the Sheep did not hear
them I am the door By Me If any man
enter in he shall be saved and shall go
in and out and find pasture